Bart Simpson M Effort:3  Attainment:3  Behaviour:3  Punctuality:3  Organisation:3  Independent:3 
Bart works quite hard in lessons but can work harder. Bart must produce more sustained effort and work harder to achieve at the highest level. It is necessary for him to put a big effort into completing all unfinished stages of his coursework. Bart produces quite good work, but there is room for improvement.  The quality of the coursework has been satisfactory and it is anticipated that he will attain pass at the end of key stage 4.  Bart needs to work harder in lessons to attain higher grades. Bart is well behaved some of the time, but there is room for improvement and must be careful to avoid distractions. Bart sometimes arrives late for lessons and improvement to punctuality is needed. Bart sometimes arrives late for lessons and improvement to punctuality is needed. Bart works quite well independently, but does need quite a lot of guidance. 

Lisa Simpson F Effort:1  Attainment:1  Behaviour:1  Punctuality:1  Organisation:1  Independent:1 
Lisa is a conscientious student who works very hard and always tries her best. She is enthusiast about learning and has been a fine example to the rest of the group. Lisa is determined to succeed in everything that she does. Lisa has produced outstanding work. She has excelled in all areas and has produced an excellent standard of work. The quality of coursework including analysis, design, creating products and evaluation has been outstanding and of professional quality. Lisa's behaviour in lessons is excellent and is a pleasure to teach. She deserves the highest praise for her efforts and the way Lisa has conducted himself. Lisa always arrives on time for lessons and is always keen to get started. Lisa always arrives on time for lessons and is always keen to get started. Lisa works very well independently with little guidance. 

Nelson Muntz M Effort:2  Attainment:2  Behaviour:2  Punctuality:2  Organisation:2  Independent:2 
Nelson has a fine work ethic and is able to work consistently well. He has worked diligently throughout the year and  I am very pleased with his progress. He has continued to make steady progress in most areas. Nelson produces work of very high quality and is determined to attain the highest levels for him work. He works steadily and thoroughly and completes work to a very high standard. Nelson has completed the units of work to a very high standard. Nelson has very good behaviour and is a sensible pupils who shows maturity beyond his years. Nelson is unfailingly a courteous and polite student. Nelson often arrives on time for lessons and is usually eager for the learning get started. Nelson often arrives on time for lessons and is usually eager for the learning get started. Nelson works well independently with some guidance. 

Ralf Wiggum M Effort:5  Attainment:5  Behaviour:5  Punctuality:5  Organisation:5  Independent:5 
Ralf is a lazy student, who does not try in lessons. He needs to concentrate more on the task set and avoid distractions. Ralf is seriously in danger of failing the subject owing to the lack of effort. Ralf produces work of a very low standard and improvement is needed. The quality of coursework has been very disappointing. He is certainly capable of produceing work of much higher quality when he applies himself to the coursework. Ralf has a very disruptive influence of own learning and of others in the class, consequently has made very little progress. he needs t be be more respectful to others in the classroom. Often refuses to follow teacher instructions. Ralf always arrives late for lessons giving poor excuses and is not in the right frame of mind for learning. Ralf's folders and files on the computer are so disorganised that it is very difficult to find the correct files. He needs to follow teacher instructions to complete work in an orderly fashion. Ralf constantly needs guidance and support and easily goes off task if there is no support. 

