Bart Simpson M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
Bart is an extremely hard working student. I have little doubt that he will achieve the highest posible grade. Bart has produced outstanding work. He has excelled in all areas and has produced an excellent standard of work. The quality of coursework including analysis, design, creating products and evaluation has been outstanding and of professional quality. Bart's behaviour in lessons is excellent and is a pleasure to teach. He deserves the highest praise for his efforts and the way Bart has conducted himself. Bart always arrives on time for lessons and is always keen to get started. Bart has well organised files and folders on the computer and has all equipment for the lesson. He can complete work in a logical and orderly fashion and understands the system analysis cycle for project work on ICT. Bart works very well independently with little guidance. 

Lisa Simpson F 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
Lisa is a conscientious student who works very hard and always tries her best. She is enthusiast about learning and has been a fine example to the rest of the group. Lisa is determined to succeed in everything that she does. Lisa has produced outstanding work. She has excelled in all areas and has produced an excellent standard of work. The quality of coursework including analysis, design, creating products and evaluation has been outstanding and of professional quality. Lisa's behaviour in lessons is excellent and is a pleasure to teach. She deserves the highest praise for her efforts and the way Lisa has conducted himself. Lisa always arrives on time for lessons and is always keen to get started. Lisa has well organised files and folders on the computer and has all equipment for the lesson. She can complete work in a logical and orderly fashion and understands the system analysis cycle for project work on ICT. Lisa works very well independently with little guidance. 

Nelson Muntz M 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2
Nelson has a fine work ethic and is able to work consistently well. He has worked diligently throughout the year and  I am very pleased with his progress. He has continued to make steady progress in most areas Nelson produces work of very high quality and is determined to attain the highest levels for him work. He works steadily and thoroughly and completes work to a very high standard. Nelson has completed the units of work to a very high standard and is on course for a merit and possibly a distinction in ICT. Nelson has very good behaviour and is a sensible pupils who shows maturity beyond his years. Nelson is unfailingly a courteous and polite student. Nelson often arrives on time for lessons and is usually eager for the learning get started. Nelson has relatively well organised files and folders on the computer but a small amount of housekeeping is still required. he generally understands the process of project work and the logical steps involved. Nelson works well independently with some guidance. 

Ralf Wiggum M 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5
Ralf is a lazy student, who does not try in lessons in lessons.  He needs to concentrate more on the task set and avoid distractions.  Ralf is seriously in danger of failing the subject owing to the lack of effort. Ralf produces work of a very low standard and improvement is needed. The quality of coursework has been very disappointing. He is certainly capable of produceing work of much higher quality when he applies himself to the coursework. Ralf has a very disruptive influence of own learning and of others in the class, consequently has made very little progress. he needs t be be more respectful to others in the classroom. Often refuses to follow teacher instructions. Ralf always arrives late for lessons giving poor excuses and is not in the right frame of mind for learning. Ralf's folders and files on the computer are so disorganised that it is very difficult to find the correct files. He needs to follow teacher instructions to complete work in an orderly fashion. Ralf constantly needs guidance and support and easily goes off task if there is no support. 

